Gap of Costco and to.
Charles, back where charges should? Yeah.
Please so that answers the first one.
Costco is a mandatory unless unless there
Yes.
unless unless you reconcile,
maybe there's a reconciliation process
that you might challenge the cost code.
No. So that so that fixes that bit of.
There was.
In case in case of you have to wait for
it is.
Oh, right.
In that that's like.
Short. OK. Yeah, because.
They're waiting for the master to be sent
out, but they still want.
To charge us.
Definitely as a way forward would like to
see that as a mandatory set piece on any
room bookings for a managed space.
So would a room. You could,
if we go back to the rules,
you could book a room because the matter
is not set up.
So that's probably the exception.
But do you know that's the first things?
Of my heart.
Yeah.
It happened. OK, I'll even I.
Wouldn't even see that actually.
I could just flag on the dashboard that
matter.
You know not well. Again,
that's where the integrations.
There's a bigger, wider conversation.
If Alex is here and say is it with three
E that's AI think that we've got across
the board that there is stuff that is in
three E that we part of the integration
that we could look up that the matter is
not even there.
And you know,
and therefore it becomes a valid,
you know,
not that they haven't entered it is the
fact that it hasn't been created yet.
It's part of the report and we might be
once those integrations has been
finalised,
it's a wise across the whole project
that's something.
We could pull or at least validate
against.
I should say it's an exception to the
rule that you reconfigure.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's it.
But see that scenario. Sorry.
Did you see it wasn't created?
No, actually they say.
OK. Yeah, it wasn't actually.
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
So the hospitality reports means good
intro into that.
So your maybe the pain point of not
having the codes on the matter, yes,
but that's been alleviated from the
Fraction.
requester up front.
And then from that report you then do
what? So you look up yet.
So right now the process would be that of
all the matters,
of course has been uploaded.
We would just say that we need to
accountable.
So and where do you run that report?
From hey my day.
Oh, OK. Yeah. OK. So every room. Every.
Any chargeable items,
so basically anything that's been
chargeable which catering and any
services.
So, so waitress. Waiter.
And that's something.
Oh oh, I.
See what time? Yep.
Suppose that could be captured up front,
Yeah.
couldn't it? So, I mean,
I'm just thinking that you could loss of
those details,
but we've talked so in ServiceNow already.
So you could run the.
Report. I mean,
it could be just sent to billing.
They can access it because the reports
that that detail is there.
I think that it was also hospitality.
We need to be looked down because he
updates that with fees consumption.
How many box wine have they consumed for?
The meeting room. Yeah.
So that's saying when we close complete,
So.
there's some activity afterwards that
retrospectively, so we can add wine.
You know, there was some,
it's been cleaned.
This was broken hospitality,
actually said. We added expansion,
wine expansion check.
Post meeting checklist that could run so
that could be still part of an assigned
task.
To hospitality,
if that's a discussion of whether they're
one ServiceNow,
but they retrospectively complete that
and that reports all that data sits in
ServiceNow, you know it sits,
which then could be auto assigned it
closed complete on the schedule to
accounts payable.
And you can see here adaptive port time.
Yes, for the same partner.
That one's the one person, one meeting,
1 catering.
So that's something could be automated.
You know,
the fact that it's so the effective end
date of the meeting.
And catering goes in.
They've triggered the, you know,
it's end daily clear they they can add
those details what was consumed.
Or what takes you that was.
That when you would.
Have to.
Activate to automate the report from no.
So I'm just saying that after the
effective end date of the meeting,
you know we clean the stuff gone and they
could note their notes of state of the
room while we, there's a few checklists.
If you mentioned hospitality,
going of what's actually been to and then
it all gets closed.
So this is a complete task that
everyone's seen reception again,
they're activities that we discussed
today and that date.
Or that task could also be assigned or
that data could be assigned to accounts
payable.
So anytime they don't have to wait for a
schedule,
they could just run it themselves because
the data is then available to them.
So charge code and what what needs to be
charged?
But how would it be what you?
Get with the.
Other how can they run the report if it's
come off?
MRI well, I'm saying,
but all those details already in
ServiceNow, do you know the room?
Do you know the catering? Yeah.
I can order else the report itself.
Is it gets.
Up uploaded to three.
So whatever else on that report.
To upload to CD so but they not have.
Yes it what?
So let's have a look at the MRI report
today.
So what details are on the MRI report
that accounts payables needs?
Name projects Costco.
I'm.
Thinking I'm just.
Trying to trying to think how it would
work in terms of have we what?
We could do.
Sure we don't have solutions it now,
but I'm just thinking that date is you're
already capturing it in the workflow
service now.
Yeah.
And we've got other activities that we do
with accounts payable because the masters
in three E that's where the Billings
effectively is happening.
Mm-hmm.
Or the accounts payable activities have
link and that's what she decided.
You have an attached report, for example,
but you can then just give accounts
payable made you the details in three or
in the event when integrations come in,
that data can be integrated.
Into 3, so maybe in touch with. I mean,
as you said,
you've already highlighted that lots of
that data that because of the workflow
today we've we've captured in ServiceNow
already.
And just say.
For context of the discussion that we've
got it all contained in ServiceNow,
so all that data is there,
what do accounts payable then need to
enter into three?
Do you know that process afterwards?
What can they?
It's not, I don't know.
Know. OK,
maybe we could capture upon that because
it could be.
Be that we give them Excel and gets
loaded.
Or that is,
that's why it's an exhibition achieve.
Yes, yes, yes.
Or and that in itself is a future
integration that they need to then charge
these, you know,
add additional hospitality items to that
charge.
You know if that's probably what they do
is that line items and then add it.
Charge coach.
No.
Any charges brought.
On the special that we send in a weekly
basis,
Yes, just added.
that's that's no other charges could be
done that week because.
It usually basis.
Butts.
Yeah,
but they then they're just uploaded
They just upload that and then yeah, OK.
against it. Yeah. OK.
OK.
But I would say that the the data that
we're capturing within the ServiceNow is
sufficient, you know, particularly if.
I.
Mean this?
Like the information out front, yes.
Yeah,
applying the information up front and
those posts post complete tasks.
So from hospitality they go in.
So they would get an effective end date
based on those meeting room categories
that our clients.
Catering.
That's the best. The walls, isn't it?
They're they're the ones.
So wine particularly,
is the one decided to client ones.
They're not added for training,
are they all?
Right, OK, OK. But that's captured up.
So we probably didn't touch upon that
this morning, but in that requested form,
it could be wine.
Beverages selected and that is depending
on you know usage can we return to the
bank and they can say actually they
ordered 12 bottles.
We only had.
11 or 8 and that could be an activity
that they hospitality also get unassigned
tasks.
After the effective end time of the
meeting, so we can capture all of that,
that sounds, you know,
it sounds like we don't need to duplicate
it in MRI.
It's all there for the taking in
ServiceNow and the report can be run.
On it's and that could be scheduled for.
You don't need to go in and say could be
scheduled reports. That's there.
Just tell us what columns you need and
it's available.
Would that be able to e-mail the people
who don't haven't provided 1?
Who won't have to,
because the cost codes and information is
Yeah, they've already captured that.
So you've already headed off the pass
already there.
Obviously you can't book.
offence, Peter, so.
Yeah.
I'll just go through the accounts payable.
Just to check that process with them.
And then.
Is it worth Steven that in the Connect
folder just those kind of a look, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm just.
Let me just.
And they do that monthly, do they weekly?
Is there any other?
What was the two last 2 * 2 ones?
With it was 2.
It's an essentially the same process,
it's just different days.
But what you're saying is correct and
we'll have the mandatory information.
So we just say Monday.
Yes, I'll transfer you safe.
Would be Saturday and that's that.
Way. Yeah, that's the.
She's captured.
Same in Glasgow, London, not Glasgow,
just London,
and that's supposed to be talked about
today. Yeah. OK. What do you feel?
Schedule. Then?
I want wine in their meetings.
Oppositions, they do that.
But.
Would you want transparency that so could
operate?
Did you want operations to be taught?
Doesn't work as London.
It's not a client based in Glasgow,
so essentially people.
Right. It's not client base.
So they can't do the operations.
Directly and it's got a Costco if they
can ask for.
OK.
It just I mean it could be that these
processes are made available to
operations.
You know it's just the assigned to,
but you'll have,
I mean if you wanted transparency of
activity maybe?
I think it's it's,
it's so separate and like classical.
So in terms of care and because you've
got the caffeine as well,
so that'll be handled, Caitlyn.
That.
OK.
Because it's accounts payable obviously
were when we did the meeting was not
Glasgow, London, Australia, it was UK,
Australia, you know their activities.
You know who does what?
They wasn't separated by physical
location.
It was done by two the two regions.
So they what you're saying is that they
don't get involved in the Glasgow.
It doesn't exist for them to be involved
in essentially, is that right?
OK.
Mm-hmm. OK, I understand.
I think the whole report is never covered.
But it doesn't exist essentially,
and then probably moving into Paris,
which is probably wine at lunch at all
meetings.
So would they want to probably follow the
London model? Are they client base?
OK.
And that's scalable that they can go
through the same?
But when?
I think.
It's it's next year, next year.
So we are going to be getting this year
I.
at some point taking their bookings and
their offices have.
Now.
Process and what the actual, the etcetera.
But it's it's a small office in terms of
client base. So yeah, it's going to be.
Services.
OK.
And the accounts payable enforcing that
charge back.
That's why when we come to write offs,
isn't it?
No, I said my office completely different,
I said.
OK.
It so accounts payable will say this.
Do they enforce that this is how much you
on the client matter number?
This is how much you spend.
No, no. Is it just? OK?
So maybe you're surprised purposes of.
Why did you collect all that data upfront?
So they did not.
To be able to charge it back,
do you know what I mean?
Is it just when accounting?
So that must be just like any team as
well.
So the chargeback obviously goes to
departmental and it's obviously who was
in charge of that. But Chip,
why are they spending all this money but
they?
'Re so you're charging the client fee.
Obviously we need to pay for what?
The vet. What?
The.
But essentially.
Add it to the clients filling.
The bottle number would.
Be the current bill if yeah.
Filling. And so they added.
Yeah, I mean, goes to one of the finance.
And they can add that to the bill they.
Can add it to the bill or rings on right.
That's it. Wasn't that right? Because it.
Right.
Sounded a bit petty, so excuse me.
Yeah.
So these are.
So.
Are. So what's the rule?
If we think about business rules on the
system?
Anything that's associated with the
matter matter number,
including room bookings and catering,
is charged to the clients.
And if you want to write it off,
it's at part of the discretion or is
there?
Select.
But it is assumed that these types of
this final hospitality that room booking
and anything associated with the client
against some massive number is going to
be charged. Yes, OK.
Is it worth?
Sorry analyst other ones.
Your integration with billing because
that's what all the reversals are there
to improve, yes.
But maybe there needs to be something
where the partner says whether it's
written.
Or not, or absorbed by their IP out.
What we've discussed who's what?
Right has he got all you know?
Yeah, yeah, that's.
I can't remember what they said because
If it's.
that's what I remember that they they
said it's quite.
About.
Manual, but they have to go in and do it.
But there's a way.
We can automate there like.
From from business tools, yeah.
Yeah, it's. I don't know.
It's just like the new joiner stuff you
said before, like, I think.
OK, but that report needs to go to them,
which, as I said, if all the details.
And.
In the system that could be auto
generated,
you provided and they'll be notified that
the report is available.
At that point.
And that's that's easy for an assignment
group,
because it goes to accounts payable UK
because they.
They they've got some global activity,
but they've also got the UK List 1.
So that's a good win that you probably
wouldn't have to run it.
It just runs it so.
Yes.
OK, that's good.
Is now a good.
So that's hospitality respectively going
into count,
do they add me more to things that or
does it just tend to be the consumption
of what was consumed?
Yeah. Any anything charge?
And they're different from catering.
So catering of the suppliers of it and
hospitality are and what's there?
Message. No, it's it's it's the same.
It seems like it's just what it.
So catering is. Oh, OK,
so not a different.
Assignment group no. OK, I.
Need to thank you, Tom.
He's not. He's not here.
The reason I ask is just because was the
Whether.
question, sorry.
We have to choose a town,
so speaking with with Jill.
Oh yeah.
So there's team are working on
definitions across the from different
reasons. And I'm conscious that, you know,
last week and the people group we spoke a
lot about whether it's the time spent.
Why?
Transition. Yes, it's in English.
These sorts of things.
So just there's just another example,
just off the back of it that we probably
need to just sit to this watch on.
Yeah.
Understand what terminals you want users
are for,
and make sure that we're we're using
consistently on the system.
Last year? Yeah. Business. Well,
it's in my day's closest.
Yeah, because it just.
OK. Don't you do make.
Catering sounds are Subs, you.
Know.
Sub section of hospitality.
They would say that they probably do
because they're supplying you,
said waiter waitresses.
There's some other activities in addition,
just the food.
Yeah, yeah,
because presumably they also have all the
food coming in through coming up.
They have on a whole service,
monks themselves.
And that's probably another service in
our workplace, but of food coming in,
food going, tracking, tracking,
the whole eatery part of Asher. OK.
So hospitality is probably,
but we have to get that for news.
OK, I'm just checking this.
So we've got catering on the service
catalogue for not hospitality.
OK.
Because it's interesting,
I thought I'd they didn't.
It was worded as opposed as if they were
separate entities.
OK.
Is now a good place to do write offs and
it was write off reporting write off
sampling and I've just sort of thought
probably worthy stop my brain going off
and trying to solute this guy got that.
Well, it seems like.
Itself as well, yeah.
So we receive a report from the EE.
I.
Manually philtre out using a macros
spreadsheet to establish.
20 sorry to sample 28.
From.
150K.
The board and N as in over 150 K that's
been written off goes to the business
managers that describe sheet as office.
So we just press button,
it creates the e-mail.
Tells us who's.
Only three even.
Right.
Extracted from three? Yeah,
in a date range. Weekly, monthly.
Yeah, every Wednesday? Yeah.
Weekly start of the week to the end.
You know every Wednesday,
Wednesday to Wednesday,
Wednesday to Thursday.
Extract it.
The macros extracted the up from the
spreadsheet that we.
Received.
So you're looking at all room booking?
So that's nothing to do with room
bookings that came in finance.
So it's nothing to do with hospitality
room bookings, airport, nothing,
it's completely separate.
So click so.
What is it so this is?
So basically it is a task given to us by
finance to establish who is writing off
things under 150K and who's approved them
and who's not.
And did not.
And that going to be done by system to do
it.
Do you know?
That it sits with great.
It's been doing the heavy lifting in
itself because they're doing the new
upgrade or are they?
Is that thanks for you,
Yeah.
this is something that probably falls
into. I'm not taking stuff. I'm not.
That's not my intention is.
Take it away.
Sounds like a system.
It's something that in so you would say
you would have a dashboard for these
types of activities that are above and
below on what's been written.
So you would have it in the system.
Should be doing that.
Shouldn't.
I actually put a change request.
I could a few months ago actually because
I was looking at our processes and
they're right off.
After investigate and I thought we could
automate it, take away from the team.
All together because it's.
Not to do with booking occasionally, yeah.
Almost.
This is seems like.
That when the music stopped, Yep,
connect with, you can have you.
Mm-hmm. Thank you.
In the other.
That was part of the finance team.
Obviously everyone bookings were downs
working the team, something to work on.
So that's why the process came in to ask
connect.
But when I was looking at the process and
I reached out to the stakeholder.
Because.
Whatsoever good on bank. And I was like,
do you still need that data?
Yes, I think you try and automate that.
Billy and I contacted Timidum St for PE
Financial systems and I asked him the
question, can you give you?
Yes, yes.
This task.
That sounds like a complete take it away,
you know,
workshop on why 3 E because you're then
feeding back that this is it should be
Yeah.
something that is on the dashboard.
It doesn't need to run a report Wednesday
should it can be real time on there.
Yes.
So they know it's.
So.
Who do you think it's who?
You've won the report and you do that?
Abby, we even give it.
Who? You then give it to?
So it's essentially we just mark up on a
shared master stretchy.
And then who accesses that?
That would be finance. It's Chris Hanley.
Chris is in.
No, it's just not passed. No, no.
It's fine. Options are you.
Phillips, Phillips OK.
But I don't know because Abby,
I can't remember her name last week,
but we'll actually working out this
process as a whole.
And essentially doing the same thing.
I didn't have it.
No, it's a project manager.
I'll just check on that,
but she needs to go last week.
But it's a pretty it sounds like 3 could
do the the whole.
I mean.
It sounds like we take it out of here.
We do something. Yeah.
And then we put it on the shared drive
and then.
But actually it could be attached.
It's there for the taking into.
Uh-huh. So, I mean,
I think they're looking at the process
because I think they want real time wise.
I think they're looking, but they could,
but exporting it Wednesday to Tuesday is
not real. I mean, it's there in real time,
isn't it? So you use it on the dashboards?
Really.
Of that day they get notified it's been
written off.
They don't have to wait a week to tell
them it's been written off it.
Once it's written off the notification
free to be sent.
I think that sounds like it should reside
in that system because that's where it's
been written off.
Rather than you finding this.
This report very, very.
You should have seen it before it gets
And if you're running a sampling before.
automated it was.
Asked. Yeah, I know.
I'm sampling a few, not all of them.
Do you know some you know.
24 under 150K there was over 150K live
with certain business managers or
different departments.
Which the macro spreadsheet.
Automatically creates.
Essentially just saying that these
templates and then updating the master
Because it.
report.
It always sounds like in three that
writing off needs a root cause analysis,
and you already know why it's been
written off in real time. Yeah,
so it sounds like a process that should
reside within that 3.
Functionality because if you're only
sampling 20,
you know the volumes might be
significantly higher,
but and it's still not getting real time
anyway, so even.
You're going to see.
Does it just randomly?
You're thinking you extract them all then.
Sort of say.
Normal, so. And then we we get.
The full spreadsheet.
Or how many? It's like thousands. Uh-huh.
And then we want this macros to this is
formulated. That's automatically.
It formulates and we get 20 samples.
By 150K under and then the business
managers.
Just to put that question to the service
counsellor says the top 20,
there's not the top 20 issues.
A sample of 20.
Yes.
Yes,
not withstanding the fact that over the
service can.
Yeah.
It.
Certainly sounds an opportunity that can
be done in real time in the system that
They said build the macros for it.
I mean it was something two and three and
it's coming from, yes.
make assumptions that's checking.
Oh yeah, and that's what I don't know,
because since he's getting updated.
Is that right? So.
Yeah. Yeah, but.
We're also told that it's a functional.
Term there that we're not using at the.
Moment there's not even the regular it's
been switched on that there's a whole 20%.
To we used to know what that old champ is,
so.
You know,
there's stuff that could be utilised and
not utilised.
But to your point,
it could be that you're already answering
the question that might not be available
to do, but.
It's worthy of a conversation.
CE isn't able to do.
It all, and it's still needs to.
Be done so I don't know why it says
reviews feel like it's.
Yes. Can we get answering queries?
We can answer anything if you send them
On several.
to it needs to be like finance.
It doesn't seem fine as it she doesn't
have.
Of you and it.
Just one of these tasks that just.
You're helping out now. It's.
Yeah, I mean,
it could be well at the very least,
at least to have it on your dashboards
that you're working on it.
So you know when someone says you're 100%
of your time, you can say.
You.
Within which room booking you know?
You your landscape if you're weak.
Maybe is that it and like, well,
actually we also do these other tasks at
least if you're capturing in ServiceNow
under connect,
you could have a task that says you know
we've run this,
it's right off report and it's allocated
a couple of hours of your time.
So at least.
For anything that you're doing in the
queues or the queries.
You you know you.
Can say well actually I'm working on this
and it can be reassigned someone else,
so at least it shows your during the week
we did.
One right off something.
Two, we also did 100 room.
For metrics of your time time management.
Yes, exactly creates the emails.
Is this e-mail to?
Your source productivity.
The people who wrote.
Off task or a question about it? Or is it?
What is approval emails?
So the emails that we send out,
it's just for the ones for under 150K and
it's usually 2.
PS So we.
Would the emails created in this
spreadsheet and we essentially just send
them?
But if.
They are.
To agree.
20th of how we made thousand will be
approved.
Yeah.
I just think why basically ask them for
it to then approve it so we can mark up
our master spreadsheet to say get it's
been approved.
But if they asked you a query on.
It. Yeah then.
You just by about it to actually doesn't.
Sound like it?
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Obviously the admin maybe.
I don't need any.
Follow-ups like see if they don't get
back to you. No, just let's you one.
Yep, 1 task.
So we'll send the e-mail after Wednesday.
Yep,
and then we'll check in the following
Tuesday to see who's doing that.
And if not,
we mark up the spreadsheet to say it's
not approved or it has been approved and
that's.
And you don't count 18 of them were
approved 16 of them.
You don't do any of that supporting well.
Twenty. No, not all.
We just up the MSR sheet.
Further, and how much?
Is them. Sorry, how much time does it?
Take to do 15 minutes.
What I mean is it's not.
Like 5 hours of your week.
It's one of the tasks.
Yeah. I mean, it's not a huge overhead,
but it certainly sounds ownership of that,
yeah.
Because we talk.
About filled level data is the ownership
of that data throughout the whole
organisation.
It doesn't sound like vital sit with
Kinect.
That's probably the great question.
Yes, yes, yes, it seems yes.
The fact that if you get queries you need
to send it on.
Yes, there's a lot of the.
Person apparently when I looked into a
few months ago,
so the person who created this process
and then like the company.
Hey.
But.
I was so it seems.
Just look at the spreadsheet and it's.
Green for goods.
And then what are the other use that we
have for just to?
See a point cause the 20 of you said
thousands like what does that even?
It did.
I didn't, so yeah.
But it was like you said,
the top 20 or something.
That's fine, but it's.
If it's randall's.
Yeah, it won't. It won't.
Do you know?
What I mean Randall's record.
There's going to be so much more than
2000.
When was that last time?
You reached out to see if it was
something that they still needed.
Was that recently? Yeah, it was was.
Even worth that wasn't even.
What I said that's personal year ago, but.
What I see is almost looking at the
process,
but I don't get any feedback from you,
at least on that week's Ajax.
I say OK in terms of.
And this task we can try and fill the
automotive.
I spoke to Ashley Portman to see if it
was,
if it was doable basically to get them an
expansive dashboard to see if there's a
permanent who's not.
But there's a report could do it because
they don't have.
Their like the permissions or something
that we don't have the licences for.
We need to have this nice dashboard and
whatever so.
You see? Yeah,
we're still going to use that.
And I see what consider the Excel
spreadsheet ask what we can do dashboard.
So instead of looking at an Excel
spreadsheet,
looking at the dashboard to see who's
approving, who's not proven, they said,
yeah, OK, that's cool. We see if it.
We're looking at this process.
It's not on at.
Home I was.
Like, OK,
so I left last report on to do the
dashboard.
We're still waiting to be finished,
but in that meantime,
I'll be the project manager has reached
out to see that looking at this task from
start to finish,
I don't know if they're going to
completely overhaul it, organise that.
And we so OK.
It's really redundant task.
Yes.
Yes, OK.
I mean your your difficulties gonna be.
Because you're saving 15 minutes a week,
that's the investment.
What is the purpose?
But it's more generally.
The whole end to end ownership of data,
you know there is each data.
If you think about it has a,
you know an owner.
You know,
and it's their roles and responsibilities
to keep it complete,
correct and compliance. You know,
it doesn't sound like it.
Blinds within itself,
obviously they would to come to the like
the writing officer.
This is that responsibility. Lie with you.
No, and it doesn't sound that.
That's maybe it doesn't.
Sit here with the designers process today.
No.
Say the audit is coming and say, well,
actually,
who what's the touchpoints of that write
off?
Yeah.
And it says well connect also and it's we
just ran that it doesn't it's a it goes
into territory that you think well should
it then should it have gone if you're
running and why did you any sample you
know you have to sort of start to answer
Yeah.
questions for process.
That you don't particularly own or
doesn't sit within your roles and
responsibility. Yeah, yeah, that's a good,
good patch.
Yeah, well, if it.
Helps the end to end rates management
service design work does include.
We.
Might be able to put a job.
It's an.
Important principle build point of
service designers reducing and obviously
having the right people doing the right
things because every time it passes to
another team then.
Mm-hmm. You know,
increasing points of failing to. Yeah.
Exactly.
So actually it's a benefit to the
business to have.
Centralization and standardisation as
much as possible,
around 20 teams involved with three teams
could do something. Mm-hmm.
Is a million times better.
If you were, if you were to be,
I think as part of any processes,
could you be held responsible for its
data and you think it doesn't lie with us
anyway? So in that very nature,
it doesn't sound that the process should
lie with you. And obviously, if you.
Same one as a brand like even from the
government's perspective or brand in
terms of culture,
we always have rights obvious it should
be seen as it's a no, no,
you are seen as a bad thing from a
financial like governance,
but if it's a spreadsheet that's going
around 2030 or .
20 different teams and everyone's just
passing it on and acting like it's normal.
It it incorporates or brings of the
payment.
They expect the projects in concluded.
That basically just about there.
And she just wants to know when our team
is in terms of the process and how we're
all done it.
So did you teach us to Abby?
OK.
Design.
No, no, exactly,
but just to park it as you know,
Just.
I think it does is wire disconnecting
handle this.
I think it was the critical notes I would
have on.
Excellent. Oh, no. It's Abigail Lilly.
And she's.
Abigail Lilly and she's a lead internal
audit.
So the factual is an audit.
I think I think we've done a full loop on.
All right.
Is that the name for the parking?
I've moved on. Thank you.
Lot that maybe we over here.
I think that's our. Yeah.
And I suppose maybe just to end on.
Correct.
As I talked to looking at sort of
globalised, you know,
in all our things workshops we've had,
you know billing UK billing,
Australia cashew.
So I suppose you probably think I could
buy. I mentioned it.
Now I've got to go home at 5:00.
But what do Australia.
How can they handle it so differently and
they're more looking for?
What do they do for, and if so,
who does it and could they incorporate
No, no, I.
this?
I understand so.
I think this.
The as I said.
It's trumple you have been here for 10
years.
So when I was first starting,
Trimble wasn't even.
Wasn't even, it was.
That was the only used. Right and then.
At the same time,
Sydney was using a programme called EMX,
Mm-hmm.
which is semi integrated in booking
system and then MRI over trambo and we
were trying to again this is before my.
We're trying to amplify everyone to use
the same phone booking system UK.
And Australia, yeah.
Yes.
For unknown reasons I show you not to
back this is.
So they yeah.
Yeah. And that's what we used to do. Yes.
OK, so.
So.
They get.
Because you've got that charge back in
hospitality and catering,
so there is some,
probably that still needs to happen.
So if they look at,
look at their workflow,
they still need to manage the room,
book the room, move the room.
Cancel the car parking all of that.
So I'm just wondering if an opportunity
of.
If.
They're not going to be globalised if not,
why not exactly?
The.
I'm managing another system on the
ecosystem of architecture is another.
And that if we're looking at integrating
with 3E coming on board so.
It's not just.
Australia,
but you've got new offices I think in
Marin in somewhere in Morocco.
I think and you have new offices in the
Middle East with the last couple of weeks.
So do you absorb that or are you?
Just sort of the different speed. Just go.
Back to the number.
Yeah.
So we use a separate form.
It's actually a quite form.
The SharePoint 1.
To book rooms, facilities. Yeah,
certainly uses EMS which is same
integrated.
So we use our can go into entry.
And look, the rooms that way. So yeah,
it's like a kind of direct.
I can show you we.
Have that. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
There's no reason why they couldn't use
service. You know,
generally moving forward as a managed
service through ServiceNow.
No, I don't care. I don't.
See, you're been doing it, see.
It's just right now we're gonna try so
obviously.
But I spoke about activation and the the
leadership team and the head of it.
Wants a global solution.
And thank all everybody using safety
systems, which is a total agree on every,
could all use A1 number consistent
because at each office.
And I don't which system everybody uses.
To be fair, I really don't know.
But he's looking for a global solution,
and that was the problem is that last
legs it came back to see capabilities,
requirements.
What do you need and etcetera.
So we've sent all that out to.
Get the leadership to see this is what we
need.
We're told in the reasons why Cadence
does work as a as a room booking
alternative.
And again, we'll produce that part where,
OK.
So that's just that's a separate project
at the moment for one room booking,
whether BSM or Trimble a another.
I don't think the want.
To take on the SM is that as a?
Is. It's been clunky old as well.
MRI it's it's quite old as well, but.
I don't know what they're going to do.
I don't want to search.
Leading that project.
Right now it's Simon Wallace,
which is Red Hand goes along and.
OK.
And that's currently an investigation
that they're doing?
You've submitted all your requirements,
or at least requests,
and then they'll come back and is there.
Instead the time frame.
Any.
I suggested that we trial it for London
due to already being the contract,
the booking system and just to see where
it goes.
Globally, yeah, or are.
We gonna look at another system.
OK.
OK, we're exactly. I mean,
I'm just thinking that, you know,
maybe not to solution idea,
but maybe Australia has one system,
we have another, there's two plugins.
You know that's possible,
but the actual entry point of booking a
room a managed service.
That's, you know,
and that's probably what we want to get
to is that everyone,
if you want to book a room,
you still have to request, you know,
maybe.
Self-service maybe not.
Maybe there is an ability that it becomes
self-service and don't need to,
you know manage it like you do at the
moment booking it.
But that's certainly something we.
Can.
Look at probably you know,
be good to know that landing of what they
decide on a global booking.
Yes.
I guess whether we can integrate well
with.
Yes.
Two. Yeah. Or the A or another.
Fully integrate that influence.
Australians be happy to move.
Two leading towards replaces in Trumbull
as well.
In towards replacing Trumbull as well.
And Simon is the student war
Encourageable to offer a global solution
and.
Sweet Australia to go into M and I or
even look at.
And it doesn't work for you.
The Australian version doesn't work for
you because.
We won't have an offer at the EMS.
But if you were, if that was, I mean,
could it work, you know?
System is outdated anyway, so the next.
Right,
so to the advantages you've you've got
used to in Trimble don't don't exist
maybe in EMS maybe?
Yeah. So.
You think there's a managed service?
There's only so much.
That old staff put on rooms here and.
Find that they.
Would send through a team's link to the
four floor rooms,
but they found that the system still
speak to each other,
so if they said the link to 412.
It's actually booked by someone else
because Outlook.
Yeah, the.
Number can speak.
To each other.
So if I take them back where is processed.
Where there's a lot of quality in human
input,
and this is where this leads to can we do
the testing for London before what the
the service there was,
it's in the contract. Can we test it out?
Is this 100%?
1800 lbs.
Say it.
To say that up for London,
it is already in confidence.
Because it's not, yes.
Well,
if it'll be good to know when that lands
as the.
Yes, exactly same.
But no thank you for that differentiation
of what's.
So essentially EMS same integrated MRI is
not, yeah, OK.
That's.
That it could be.
And so do Australia pick up queries then
on the back of.
The.
Room bookings that need they don't pick
up anything, so.
We the only time that we are in contact
really with Australia is for the website
enquiries. Yes,
I think that's why that's the booking. Oh,
I think there is one.
There is one very top it reminds me.
So the interview bookings,
but the manager in the same way I want to
book a room for yeah, she.
Spaceship again on.
The 4th of.
Website inquiries, yeah.
July.
Website inquiries is where I user would
go into.
And enquiry inquiry and then we would
extend.
External external Azure's website, yeah.
We'll go. And what are they asking? Sorry.
What they or.
When you order ashraf.com,
it's just an enquiry page.
I think it's like contact.
Oh, no. I was gonna say 1 is a test.
I'm just going to see you Monday.
Yeah, OK. Yes, yes.
They categorised the.
Are kind of sort of a large FEQ on them.
Sometimes we don't spam more,
so we'll support.
The investigation and some some of them,
are Forest, Julia,
OK.
actually quite a lot of Australia.
So we just put them through to the
Australian reception teams, OK.
And letting redirect OK.
Let's make this helpful.
So it comes in like a there's a form back
ends comes into your inbox today, yes.
Yeah.
OK. Thank you.
OK, that's good.
Thank you I.
Think we captured the notes science and
managing the.
Thank you.
We'll go away and then we'll keep
managing that service.
Providing but as I said that we've we've
populated on the shared area checklists,
all that information,
but it sounds like we're capturing a lot
up front that can save a lot of your
queries downstream to aid that process.
That's good.
OK. We'll let you go in a SEC.
Just to wrap up things and for
information things.
Some reports and dashboards you suggested
one earlier. That's great.
You've got some ideas.
Please do send them,
send them across some other things that.
1.
The team share page.
I mean things like these rooms in the
next 24 hours,
these rooms in the next 48 hours,
you know, they could be, you know,
non approval or haven't heard back you
know for that you know as I said that
maybe some of the catering but it just
gives you a lead time give you some
information.
The 40 hour check would save a manual
emails, yes, streamline that process,
On.
sure.
I mean, they actually may be sorry.
Just one thing to talk about is that if
these queries are coming to a group,
as you know connect.
Mm-hmm.
Ask Connect,
but it could be based on your skill
matrix. It may be you deal with London.
You deal with Glasgow, you know.
For example,
you could have a skills matrix that auto
assigns.
It's not set in stone that if I only deal
with one,
but it could be that you could have some
auto assignment in there as well.
So that maybe I always deal with training.
I always deal with client. I don't deal,
you know,
but it's just a mechanism that can have.
Yeah.
Delegation initially, which we assigned,
it's not set,
A.
you get to see everybody's you get to see
the whole portfolio,
but it could be these were like house for
the day that could be on the dashboard.
So I know that I'm going to be doing X
amount of room looking for these clients
or I always do the VIP clients.
So if you've got anything that looks like
a skills matrix, it can certainly.
But as a group you can see everything.
That's probably how you want it.
There's no,
it doesn't sound like you need live
cheques. You're not checking each other.
There's no approvals in there for
yourself internally as a team or manager
approvals.
But it's just how you might like to
segregate some work.
I don't know if you have a skills matrix
in place.
I've got idea.
Actually,
have a look at actually mostly I think
that's just one.
I'm thinking of how it can be assigned to
this meeting room.
Oh yeah.
Always gets to yourself.
And I manage that or you know,
it could be just auto assign.
Yeah.
We can incorporate.
That.
Into the machine.
Yeah,
it's more or less can work on anything.
It makes it easier when it comes to auto
sign.
Yeah, if you want.
On it. But if you want to do it,
maybe that's capacity based then that you
know that actually I'm working on 20 who
also assigned to someone else.
So we can look at it first.
At a client level,
but you might want to just have a group
decision that I'll handle these or or it
could be these are just come in the Q,
we handle them 1 by 1.
You know as they come in,
you know it's on a you just pick them up.
But at the beginning of the day there's
20.
Say I'll take the first five,
you'll the next 5? I'll pick 17.
I should have asked.
Yes,
but they were somewhere 7 till 12 and
then to go to work all the people apart
from it so.
So 77 AM to 9 PMI need to Thursday.
What's the shift over 24 hours?
Or do you want?
Is the shift the so for example your
hours would be.
So connect is open 7:00 AM to 9:00 PM on
Thursday. Do you know what's Friday?
I have sex with my baby.
06/30 OK.
And then anything outside of that
security and on the same day reception?
I have an essential.
After 9:00 PM Monday,
suppose we will pick up. OK,
so it just it just.
OK.
Because I I mean this might be of
interest or not,
but I did field service management in
Africa,
so it could be and they were shift work
essentially.
Whatever wasn't completed or still need
to be worked on or whatever,
even though it was assigned to you up
until say 9:00 PM,
you could take all your tasks and all to
assign them to whoever comes up.
Can you do that for you?
You know all to assign to the next person,
so it's in their queue, is it?
That's available in service now that you
can get this handing over of shipmark
pattern if that, if that's what we'd like.
So that could be incorporated in the
matrix that whoever's on gets these tasks
and they could be auto assigned after a
such time.
7:00 AM.
Start with do the 4:00 AM cheques. Yes.
And then the weekly report would be past
the yeah late shift.
So you can pick that up as.
Part of the process. Yeah.
And anything outside goes to,
presumably the security.
If they don't do the cheques, OK.
So some tasks excluded from them,
they just.
Yeah. Book that's up.
Seeking pods.
OK, when we're not there. Yeah,
and it's OK.
OK, OK, OK.
But anything outside of that 9:00 PM to
7:00 AM, there's no room booking. No. OK,
no good.
OK so.
We can incorporate that assignment groups
and shift patterns into the matrix as
well.
These are just sessions.
If he didn't have anything in mind but.
Knowledge you spoke about earlier again
sounds like you're 2 steps on that one as
well.
We. So do you have any of those in?
Place before. Now, no.
We've always had internally for me.
Like the FUQ.
No, I'll be alright.
All right.
Yeah, that's. I was thinking about more.
I think so.
Particularly,
I mean between now and go live with
service and some of the things that maybe
you can incorporate, you know,
pushing back,
pushing back these articles back on them
to say, well, this is what?
It's completely up to get people more
self-sufficient in London.
You know.
Partner of the week.
Surprise.
Someone's got to win it.
This is what we're going to be doing next
and you guys have visibility of this.
So you'll see what we're we're designing.
So it could actually things we have to
see and sign off or planning on.
Signing.
And maybe like this one,
when we talked about user stories of what
that meant, maybe that's fallen out of.
It.
Easier to visualise that I want to.
Do the following and they just form.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. OK.
Next key dates,
so we'll be publishing this next week,
I think, yeah, next week.
We'll start them as a as a yeah,
sort of connect. We've got like a week.
After workshops starting kind of out for
the actions from this.
But also user story drafting as an end to
end solution I think.
You've.
Got each of your tasks and then take it
up a level of actually that workflow.
We started it when you joined all that
onboarding.
So we can start to incorporate as a
finance,
but we incorporated back into the whole
offering.
Service now.
Yep. And then we got ad hoc sessions.
I don't think we necessarily need need
any.
There's that one project that's going on
with that process.
Something comes out of it that's in
ourscope. Then I need to come back to it.
But it depends where. OK, yeah,
that falls out.
3.
Josh, there's there's,
there's probably a plate.
There's probably a bit of a playback one
potentially when we get together with
Hannah and work out, you know,
join us movers leave us, you know,
how does that actually dovetail in?
So there's probably just one playback
Yeah.
that we might need to do just to check
it's.
Aligned.
Yes, good point.
And then the key dates might be
interesting.
So the grey ones are more kind of us on
the technical side,
but the blue ones will be when,
so the end of testing at least.
So a test can be a bit before that
training will be a little bit.
Before that day.
1st for go.
Live.
And that's the go live plan date and
obviously uses.
But yeah,
some dates dates for the calendar around
testing and traffic.
Sorry.
Can I just say one thing just before that
the previous slide is that you know we've
got an opportunity now like you know when
we implementations have system readiness
training where this testing readiness,
security readiness,
there's lots of people reading or data
readiness and people readiness is a key
factor.
And we've got an opportunity for you to
now and that readiness.
To embed some of the things that we
talked about today.
So maybe with the you know,
we could say we're actually.
Could you populate this? You know,
send some embedded behaviour that you're
probably?
I know that you're doing that on a data
set this, but now you can sort of think,
well,
maybe I can send it back to enforce or
maybe there's a notice to say, you know,
room booking,
need your help and can be popular,
you know.
Bring it to life.
You don't have to wait till we go live to
start modelling that behaviour.
And then the system starts to pick it up
and they get used to.
That's what's expected of them.
That's something maybe to consider.
Starting the exchange, a very,
very small step.
I mean,
people are just as I mean they are the
successful application and all tools
don't mean these.
Are the point of being and yeah,
and some of the things we've said like
you would post go like like it's really.
Hard to back in a partnership model,
So what we do is we'll say we'll give you
dual. We'll do dual writing for a bit,
but we'll give you poorest that a
slightly poorer surface.
If you want like handhold day.
So if they were to e-mail you say hey,
I want a room booking.
You'll put the room but you'll say it
takes, you know,
have an auto line of e-mail and say but
it's going to take you 24 hours.
So if you want to do, here is a link.
So then it's like,
oh actually I can fill it in provided the
form is easy to fill in and it's
intuitive and they can do it themselves
in 5 minutes is very different. Yeah.
The two in front of the emails.
But from a change.
Perspective.
I don't know if you want me to read out
some of the impacts I've gathered or if
you want me to tell you next time.
So I think I've just condensed them to
five points.
I think the first one is that we're
shifting to a centralised and trying to
use automation is not.
And by having a system driven approach
from roommate things for instance.
Is able to see like what's vacant,
what's normal, like the aeroplane.
You're saying there seems to be a push
for enhanced governance and
accountability.
Because we'll have the datas tell us and
that will allow better operation with
site.
So you're not being like wasting
hospitality.
There's also a cultural shift towards
responsible usage of resources,
not just room bookings,
but things as a whole.
I think seeing everything that's set as
the language market.
And then I think probably the one that
you'll maybe the happiest about is
redefining roles and streamlining
escalations,
having a consistent way for for all the
processes you spoke.
And there's other things that have
dovetailed into other areas like Simon
Space service design and process for
engineering.
If there's a step at looking at
integrations with other teams like
finance and ask people.
And then in.
General or the root causes or the root
the?
Ambition that we're trying to get to is
to stop you guys being in the middle of
things that you don't necessarily have to.
Those are the key events from a change
perspective.
So I got it,
but there's a much more detailed report.
This was just getting that lunch fatigue.
None.
From that, but on a serious note,
after we've like,
thank you so much for your time,
it's been really insightful.
It's really good to also understand
sentiment and some of the cultural
challenges like the partners,
behaviours and things.
So what we'll do is we're going to write
this into a report.
Current state for you to state are
proposing toventions.
We will verify them with you.
Next week, but because we're in Glasgow,
I'm gonna try and push to get it done by
Thursday.
So if you want a face to face review
rather than another person might e-mail
me something back.
Can I? I'm just sorry. Can I ask 1?
You just came to my mind then.
That these are Roomba.
Do you mind me asking one scenario that
so these all the room bookings that are
coming to you but is there ever a case
where there are days where you've got?
Whether you know like not to come in,
power out in the building so you have to
cancel everybody's meetings at short,
I mean,
does that happen where you have to
reallocate everybody?
No, OK, I've just thought, you know,
if you come in that you've got to be
proactive, like, give them enough,
everyone's travelling.
But we found this other place for you to
go. But that doesn't happen. No,
I just thought it was worthy of another
overlay of the scenario. OK.
All.
Right, that is all.